:book: Add breaking changes section to introduction.md (#8165)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/introduction.md

* [release-0-4.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io](https://release-0-4.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io)
* [release-0-3.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io](https://release-0-3.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io)

> > ⚠️ Break Changes ⚠️

Reviewer: Should be "Breaking Changes"

Author: 🙈

> >

Reviewer 2: It would bring more attention to it 👍

> >

Author: moved it above getting started.

> > API Version v1alpha3 support will be removed with the upcoming release of v1.5

Reviewer: Should be "API version"?

> > API Version v1alpha3 support will be removed with the upcoming release of v1.5

Reviewer: Question: is it "with the" or "in the"?

Author: I think either can work here. I'll change to `in the`

>

> > API Version v1alpha4 support will be removed with the upcoming release of v1.6

Reviewer: Same as above

>

> > Review the [CONTRIBUTING support-and-guarantees](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#support-and-guarantees) for more details

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Review the [support-and-guarantees](./CONTRIBUTING.md#support-and-guarantees) section of the contributing guide for more details
```

Author: updated.
